# Is-student-data-the-answer-to-learning-success-
It's time to quit ignoring data if you want to provide students with a genuinely modern, tailored learning experience. Until recently, the learning technology did not provide learners the information they needed. What they would know is if they’ve passed or failed a test. Digival’s with its modern learning provides actionable data and insights to improve learning and performance. It shows where the skill sets are falling short and lacking engagement. It's helpful and insightful to use data as the foundation for learning programmers. Let's take a look at how data can help and improve learning offering and improve student experience.  Curriculum management solutions changing perspective about data Learning and development practitioners underestimate the value of data analysis. Instead, they merely construct learning programmers, distribute it to students and rarely reflect on what has worked, what dint, and how they can improve in the future. It’s past time for this to change. Educational institutions must become more self-aware of their output and hold themselves accountable for the achievements of their learners. And that’s how we shift the mindset. If you shift the mindset to consider data as a method to empower the learning and development team and as a result, benefits more learners then one will embrace data at every opportunity.  Classroom management solutions with data revolution in learning and development Data hasn’t always been useful in learning and development. Specifically, when they want to know whether the learner has completed a course whether they’ve passed or failed an assessment. It doesn't tell us why someone dropped out of a class early or what resources they used before taking an exam. Instead, it presents us with a single bit of data that stands alone from the larger picture. This isn't going to help us develop and refine our learning experiences. Rather, we need statistics on resource utilization and the impact of various learning strategies on outcomes. This type of data will have the real-world impact that our organizations require. As a result, it's more vital than ever to use data from our learning technology stack to monitor student progress throughout a programmer, identify any problematic learners, and figure out how to aid and support them. When an educational institution implements outcome based education solutions with Digival they will continuously improve the learning experience by doing so. They’ll set an example for learners by changing and upgrading the offerings. Learners will be the driving force behind a group of enthusiastic, and embrace lifelong learning. To know more: https://digi-val.com/blog/Student-data-the-answer-to-learning-success
